feat(content): Insert joke about black box in Sheragi quest line (#9589)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/sheragi/archaeology missions.txt

			`	"I see. I'll have to warn you though, following the footsteps of a doomed species can only get you so far.`
				goto end
			label truth
			`	You produce an image of the cube that you found on your holopad. The curator stares at it, and then slowly turns to you with pity in his eyes.`

> 			`	"This box is red," he says gently. "I read a thesis once on the prevalence of color blindness in humans, but-"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"This box is red," he says gently. "I've read a thesis once on the prevalence of color blindness in humans, but-"`
```

Author: Previous grammar makes more sense, I believe.

> 			`	You interrupt the curator and explain that 'black box', in human terminology, refers to a device used to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	In the interest of time, you interrupt the curator and explain that "black box," in human terminology, refers to a device used to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure.`
```

> 			`	"No, wait!" you cut him off. "That's a human idiom. 'Black box' is what we use to refer to a device designed to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"No, wait!" You cut him off. "That's a human idiom. 'Black box' is what we use to refer to a device designed to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure."`
```

Reviewer 3: Do note that it may not be in the best interest to put words in the mouth of the player character.

Author: > Do note that it may not be in the best interest to put words in the mouth of the player character.
Could you please elaborate on this?

Author: Previous capitalization is correct, by the way. 
<img width="816" alt="image" src="https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/98854112/3a03af5d-2f8e-43df-9ec3-38ac1ce7b2ee">

Reviewer 3: > Previous capitalization is correct, by the way. <img alt="image" width="816" src="https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/98854112/288974116-3a03af5d-2f8e-43df-9ec3-38ac1ce7b2ee.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.jl982c59HLASnmF9m3HAY8uSUZ3oDBPZjkZHyU7vSWU">

Whoops, that's my bad.

Reviewer 3: > > Do note that it may not be in the best interest to put words in the mouth of the player character.
> 
> Could you please elaborate on this?

As for this, we generally don't like having the player character do or say something without the player's direction. We do this by allowing the Player to choose the option to say it themselves through either a choice, or a singular choice.

Stil, technically, it's not wrong to have it be a part of the overall conversation.

Author: That's sometimes (but not always) true, but it wouldn't make sense to insert a choice at this point in the conversation. It's meant to be an interruption.

> 			`	"No, wait!" you cut him off. "That's a human idiom. 'Black box' is what we use to refer to a device designed to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"No, wait!" you cut him off. "A 'black box' is a human term that we use to refer to a device that collects and preserves flight data in the event of catastrophic failure."`
```
I'm not quite sure whether "No, wait!" is what a normal person would say when they get misunderstood, so that might need some changing.

Author: It's what I would say if I were interrupting someone who was about to start a conversation topic based on an incorrect presumption. Maybe the exclamation point could be replaced with a comma to lessen the magnitude of the reaction?

> 			`	"No, wait!" you cut him off. "That's a human idiom. 'Black box' is what we use to refer to a device designed to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure."`

Reviewer 2: This seems out of character for how we normally have the player character interact with other characters when not given a choice, particularly with cutting the curator off in the middle of his sentence. I think it'd make more sense as a realization that the curator comes to himself, stopping himself in his own tracks, rather than being something that the player interjects with.

Author: I hate to disagree with you – honestly, I do – but I think that would destroy the humor of the situation, if the curator stopped himself mid-sentence. 

How about:

`You interrupt the curator and explain that 'black box', in human terminology, refers to a device used to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure.`

> 			`	"This box is red," he says gently. "I read a thesis once on the prevalence of color blindness in humans, but-"`
> 			`	"No, wait!" you cut him off. "That's a human idiom. 'Black box' is what we use to refer to a device designed to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure."`

Reviewer 4: @Amazinite, how about this?
```suggestion
			`	"This box is red," he says gently. "I read a thesis once on the prevalence of color blindness in humans, but - oh! Isn't there a human idiom about a 'black box'?"`
			`	"Yes," reply. "That's a human idiom. 'Black box' is what we use to refer to a device designed to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure."`
```

Reviewer 5: I feel like this is even further in the direction of the player being too exaggerative.

Reviewer 4: What do you mean?
(Also I just removed the `"That's a human idiom."` that you say.)

> 			`	"No, no, wait!" you cut him off, flushing profusely. "That's a human idiom. 'Black box' is what we use to refer to a device designed to collect and preserve flight data in the event of a catastrophic failure."`

Author: Fair point! Thanks!

> 			`	Recognition seems to dawn on him.`

Author: Should this still be on its own line, or should it be tacked onto the previous line?

Reviewer 4: It seems a little short to be its own line but it is a separate idea.

> 			`	Recognition seems to dawn on him.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 			`	"A Sheragi 'black box', you say? That's an incredible find! Be careful about the information it contains, though. They are a doomed species. Don't you humans have a legend about a cursed box? What was it... Pandora's Box?`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	Recognition seems to dawn on him. "A Sheragi 'black box,' you say? That's an incredible find! Be careful about the information it contains, though. They are a doomed species. Don't you humans have a legend about a cursed box? What was it... Pandora's Box?`
```

> 			`	"A Sheragi 'black box', you say? That's an incredible find! Be careful about the information it contains, though. They are a doomed species. Don't you humans have a legend about a cursed box? What was it... Pandora's Box?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"A Sheragi 'black box', then? That's an incredible find! Be careful about the information it contains, though. They are a doomed species. Don't you humans have a legend about a cursed box? What was it... Pandora's Box?`
```
Subjective, this one is.
